= NightTrain

Rails 4 Private Messaging Gem

== Installation

First, install the gem:

    gem 'night_train'

Then, run the install generator:

    rails g night_train:install

Next, add to your models:

# in /app/models/user.rb
    night_train

=== Required helper methods

If you don't use devise with its `current_user` method, you will need to configure NightTrain to use whatever method you use:


=== Mixin options

The `night_train` mixin takes the following options:

[:only] A symbol or array of symbols to be the only relationships used, which can include: [:sender, :recipient]
[:except] A symbol or array of symbols not to create relationships for, which can include: [:sender, :recipient]
[:valid_senders] A method name to call for a list of valid senders for this model
[:friendly_id]   Boolean determining whether to use friendly.find() instead of where().first to get recipient records. default: none
[:name_column]   The column by which to name and find this model. default: :name

== Contributing to NightTrain
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2015 Gem Vein. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

